Getting started with DynamoDB

Getting started with DynamoDB
You’ll learn how to connect to, create, and manage DynamoDB tables in the following
        sections.
Before you begin, you should familiarize yourself with the basic concepts in Amazon DynamoDB.
        You can get a quick overview in
What is Amazon DynamoDB?
and a more in-depth look in
Core components of Amazon DynamoDB
. Then, continue on to
Prerequisites
.
Note
When you sign up for AWS, you can get started with DynamoDB using the
AWS Free Tier
. If you have not already
            exceeded the free tier benefits for Amazon DynamoDB, it won't cost you anything to complete
            the examples in this section. Otherwise, you'll incur the standard DynamoDB usage fees from
            the time that you create the tables until you delete the tables.
If you don't want to sign up for a free tier account, you can set up
DynamoDB local (downloadable version)
on your computer.
            The downloadable version lets you develop and test applications locally without signing
            up for an AWS account or accessing the DynamoDB web service.
Topics
Amazon DynamoDB resources for first-time users
Accessing DynamoDB
Prerequisites
Setting up DynamoDB
Step 1: Create a table in DynamoDB
Step 2: Write data to a DynamoDB table
Step 3: Read data from a DynamoDB table
Step 4: Update data in a DynamoDB table
Step 5: Query data in a DynamoDB table
Step 6: (Optional) Delete your DynamoDB table to clean up
                resources
Continue learning about DynamoDB
Generate infrastructure code for Amazon DynamoDB using Console-to-Code
Prerequisites
Before starting the Amazon DynamoDB tutorial, learn about the ways you can access DynamoDB in
Accessing DynamoDB
. Then, set up
            DynamoDB through either the web service or the locally downloaded version in
Setting up DynamoDB
. After
            that, continue on to
Step 1: Create a table in DynamoDB
.
Note
If you plan to interact with DynamoDB only through the AWS Management Console, you don't
                        need an AWS access key. Complete the steps in
Signing up for AWS
, and then continue on to
Step 1: Create a table in DynamoDB
.
If you don't want to sign up for a free tier account, you can set up
DynamoDB local
                            (downloadable version)
. Then continue on to
Step 1: Create a table in DynamoDB
.
There are differences when working with CLI commands in terminals on Linux
                        and Windows. The following guide presents commands formatted for Linux
                        terminals (this includes macOS), and commands formatted for Windows CMD.
                        Choose the command that best fits the terminal application you are using.
Javascript is disabled or is unavailable in your browser.
To use the Amazon Web Services Documentation, Javascript must be enabled. Please refer to your browser's Help pages for instructions.
Document Conventions
What is Amazon DynamoDB?
First-time user resources